README.md, before:

# Kubernetes repository infrastructure

This repository contains repository infrastructure tools for use in
`kubernetes` and `kubernetes-incubator` repositories.  Examples:

- Boilerplate verification
- Gofmt verification
- Golang build infrastructure

---

## Using this repository

The `repo-infra` repository is designed to be used via
[git subtree](http://git.kernel.org/cgit/git/git.git/plain/contrib/subtree/git-subtree.txt)
and placed in the top level of your project.

`repo-infra expects to be placed into the top level of your project under repo-
`infra:

```
repository-root/  # eg, service-catalog
  repo-infra/
    ...
```

### Adding a `repo-infra` subtree

To add `repo-infra` to your repository, use the following commands from the root
directory of **your** repository.

First, add a git remote for the `repo-infra` repository:

```
$ git remote add repo-infra git://github.com/kubernetes/repo-infra
```

This is not strictly necessary, but reduces the typing required for subsequent
commands.

Next, use `git subtree add` to create a new subtree in the `repo-infra`
directory within your project:

```
$ git subtree add -P repo-infra repo-infra master --squash
```

After this command, you will have:

1.  A `repo-infra` directory in your project containing the content of **this**
    project
2.  2 new commits in the active branch:
  1.  A commit that squashes the git history of the `repo-infra` project
  2.  A merge commit whose ancestors are:
    1.  The `HEAD` of the branch prior to when you ran `git subtree add`
    2.  The commit containing the squashed `repo-infra` commits

Commit message:

Add .glide to skipped dirs and add info about vendoring repo
Signed-off-by: Doug Davis <dug@us.ibm.com>

README.md, after:

# Kubernetes repository infrastructure

This repository contains repository infrastructure tools for use in
`kubernetes` and `kubernetes-incubator` repositories.  Examples:

- Boilerplate verification
- Gofmt verification
- Golang build infrastructure

---

## Using this repository

This repository can be used via some golang "vendoring" mechanism 
(such as glide), or it can be used via
[git subtree](http://git.kernel.org/cgit/git/git.git/plain/contrib/subtree/git-subtree.txt).

### Using "vendoring"

The exact mechanism to pull in this repository will vary depending on
the tool you use. However, unless you end up having this repository
at the root of your project's repository you wll probably need to 
make sure you use the `--rootdir` command line parameter to let the
`verify-boilerplate.sh` know its location, eg:

    verify-boilerplate.sh --rootdir=/home/myrepo

### Using `git subtree`

When using the git subtree mechanism, this repository should be placed in the 
top level of your project.

To add `repo-infra` to your repository, use the following commands from the 
root directory of **your** repository.

First, add a git remote for the `repo-infra` repository:

```
$ git remote add repo-infra git://github.com/kubernetes/repo-infra
```

This is not strictly necessary, but reduces the typing required for subsequent
commands.

Next, use `git subtree add` to create a new subtree in the `repo-infra`
directory within your project:

```
$ git subtree add -P repo-infra repo-infra master --squash
```

After this command, you will have:

1.  A `repo-infra` directory in your project containing the content of **this**
    project
2.  2 new commits in the active branch:
  1.  A commit that squashes the git history of the `repo-infra` project
  2.  A merge commit whose ancestors are:
    1.  The `HEAD` of the branch prior to when you ran `git subtree add`
    2.  The commit containing the squashed `repo-infra` commits
